Manual configuration for IIS RUM injector (#29938)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/setup/server/windows_iis.md

2. On the **SDK Configuration** page, adjust the slider or enter a specific percentage in the input box for Session Sampling or Session Replay Sampling.
3. Copy and replace the code in the Datadog RUM config file for the IIS site that you instrumented.

## Manual configuration

> The log level can be configured in the IIS `applicationHost.config` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the log level in the IIS `applicationHost.config` file:
```

```
<configuration>
  <system.applicationHost>
    <datadogRumServer logLevel="debug" />
  </system.applicationHost>
</configuration>
```

>  The possible values are
> - **debug**
> - **info** (default)
> - **error**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The possible `logLevel` values are:
- `debug`
- `info` (default)
- `error`
```
